TERMS & CONDITIONS
term-condThis page sets out the legal terms and conditions (“Terms & Conditions”) under which www.rivafashion.com or its relevant affiliated company in your territory of residence sell any of the products (“Products”) listed on this website (“Website”) to you. We seek to comply with international standards in distance-selling and e-commerce at all times and if you have any concerns, please contact us.


Your order
By placing an order for Products through our Website, you are confirming that you intend to enter into a contract with us for the purchase of those Products. You place the order for your Products on the Website by clicking the ‘Confirm Order’ button at the end of the checkout process. During the checkout process, you will be asked to complete your payment details. All fields indicated as compulsory must be completed (which includes providing us with a valid phone number email address). We will then send you an email confirming receipt, the details of your order and the delivery costs which will be added to the purchase price (if applicable).

Please note that neither completion of the online checkout process nor our confirmatory email constitute our acceptance of your order. Our acceptance of your order will take place only upon receipt of full payment from you. You can review the orders you have placed and their current status at any time by visiting our Website and clicking on “Log In” at the top of the page followed by selecting “Track Your Order”.

If we cannot supply you with the Products you ordered for whatever reason, we will not process your order and will inform you of this. If you have already paid for the products we will provide you with a full refund as soon as reasonably possible.

We have the right to change product prices from time to time, for example during promotional periods or in cases of pricing errors. If the corrected price at the time of your order is higher than the price displayed, we will contact you for guidance before accepting your order. Prices do not include any applicable Value Added Tax (VAT, GST, or any other similar taxes or charges) under applicable law.

Delivery / collection
We can only process orders for delivery or collection within countries in which we are permitted to sell the Products. You may opt for the Products to either be delivered to your address or to be made available at one of our designated stores for your collection.

If you opt for collection at one of our stores, you will be asked to choose a designated store which is convenient for you. Note that you may only collect from a designated store of the same brand as the Products being purchased.

If you opt for delivery, please note that delivery charges and timescales vary depending on the type of Products ordered, the service you select and the delivery address.

We will try our best to either deliver the Products to your address or make the Products available for collection at the relevant store by the estimated delivery/collection date set out in our order confirmation email. If we are unable to meet our estimated delivery/collection date, we will contact you as soon as we can with a revised estimated date. We will inform you when the order is ready for collection or has been delivered to your address, as the case may be. If you have opted for collection at one of our stores, you must collect the order within 7 days of notification that the order is ready, failing which we reserve the right to cancel the order, return the Products to our warehouse and (if necessary and possible) process a refund to your payment card.

If you have selected delivery to your address and no one is available at the specified address at the time of delivery, our delivery company will contact you to arrange re-delivery. The Products will only be left with a third party (such as building caretaker or a maid) with your express authority.

All risk in the Products you order (including risk of loss and/or damage to the products) shall pass to you when they are delivered to the delivery address specified in your order, or collected from our store (as appropriate). Occasionally, the supply of your Products may be delayed or prevented for reasons beyond our control (e.g. material shortages, import delays or higher than anticipated demand). Where this is the case, we will make every effort to keep you informed but shall be under no liability to you for such delay or failure.

Store pick up orders will be cancelled after maximum 14 days, If you didn't collect your order.

Copyright
www.rivafashion.com holds full intellectual property rights to all content including images with the exclusion of images from 3rd parties. Permission from www.rivafashion.com must be given before any content or images may be used by anyone else.

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the applicable laws in the territory in which you are registered to use our Website (assuming it is a territory in which we operate) and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that relevant territory.